Here's the correct function definition for make change.
It takes in our two parameters,
double itemCost and double dollarsProvided,
and then inside the function it calculates the correct change.
And change will also be a double.
And that's because it's the result of subtracting two other doubles.
Then at the end, it has a return statement,
that will return the value of change and it has
a matching return type that tells us that this function will be returning a double value.
Now if I call this function,
which I can do by saying something like make change and then passing in two values,
this call will calculate the value of change.
5.75 minus 3.60 and return that value as output.
I can even assign the output of this function call
to a variable, like double returnedChange.
And then I can treat this as I would any other double.
So returning output like this is a good way to get access to the result of a calculation.